feat: Aligned onPaste with onDrop to make these functions more semantically correct (#3974)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

## Excalidraw API

> ### BREAKING CHANGE
> 
> - `onPaste` was changed. In case you want to prevent the excalidraw paste action you must return `false`, it will stop the native excalidraw clipboard management flow (nothing will be pasted into the scene). This is a change from the previous version requiring a `true` return value for the same effect. The change to `false` to stop the native action aligns onPaste with onDrop and makes the function semantically more correct.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixes

- [`onPaste`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#onPaste) 
prop should return false to prevent the native excalidraw paste action.

#### BREAKING CHANGE

- Earlier the paste action was prevented when the prop [`onPaste`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#onPaste) returned true, but now it should return false to prevent the paste action. This was done to make it semantically more correct and intuitive.

```
